README.md, before:

# Hello, I'm Shubham Sharma! 👋

Welcome to my GitHub! I'm a blockchain developer at Airchains Technology, with a passion for building innovative decentralized solutions. I specialize in blockchain technology, smart contracts, cryptography, and am currently exploring the integration of Fully Homomorphic Encryption (FHE) for secure computation on encrypted data.

## 🚀 Let's Build Together

I'm enthusiastic about using blockchain to solve real-world challenges, and I believe in collaborative problem-solving. Whether you're a blockchain beginner or an expert, let's work together to drive impactful projects forward.

## 🧰 Technologies I Love

-   Blockchain Development
-   Fully Homomorphic Encryption (FHE)
-   Smart Contracts (Solidity, CosmWasm)
-   Cryptography
-   Frontend & Backend Web Development
-   Mobile App Development

## 💬 Connect and Collaborate

I'm always open to discussing new projects, tech ideas, or potential collaborations. Here's how you can reach me:

- GitHub: [ComputerKeeda](https://github.com/ComputerKeeda) (Feel free to open an issue or pull request!)
- Discord: Join my [Discord community](https://discord.gg/95svWWFZjd) to chat, share ideas, and collaborate on projects.

## 📫 How to Reach Me

- LinkedIn: [Shubham Sharma](https://www.linkedin.com/in/0xshubhamsharma/)
- Email: [shubham@airchains.io](mailto:shubham@airchains.io)

## 📊 My GitHub Stats

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=ComputerKeeda&show_icons=true&theme=algolia" alt="Shubham's GitHub Stats">
</p>

## 🌐 Socials

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/0xshubhamsharma)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-%237289DA.svg?logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.gg/0xshubhamsharma)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-%231DA1F2.svg?logo=Twitter&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/0xShubhamSharma)

---

🌟 From [Shubham Sharma](https://github.com/ComputerKeeda)

Commit message:

Enhance README.md: Revamp personal introduction, update technology stack, and refine collaboration sections for clarity and engagement. Emphasize focus on privacy technologies and cross-chain solutions for 2025.

README.md, after:

# Hello, I'm Shubham Sharma! 🎉

Welcome to my GitHub! I'm a **blockchain developer** at Airchains Technology, passionate about creating innovative decentralized solutions. With expertise in blockchain technology, smart contracts, and cryptography, I'm now diving deeper into **Fully Homomorphic Encryption (FHE)** to enable secure computations on encrypted data—a game-changer for privacy-focused blockchain applications.

## 🚀 Let's Build Something Incredible Together

Blockchain has the potential to revolutionize industries, and I'm on a mission to turn ideas into impactful solutions. Whether you're starting your blockchain journey or are an industry expert, let's collaborate and create something remarkable.

## 🛠️ Technologies That Excite Me

- Blockchain Development & Architecture
- Fully Homomorphic Encryption (FHE)
- Smart Contracts (Solidity, CosmWasm)
- Cryptography & zkProofs
- Full-Stack Web Development
- Cross-Chain Solutions & Rollups
- Decentralized Identity (DID) & Privacy Systems

## 🌟 2025 Vision

This year, I'm focusing on integrating privacy-preserving technologies like FHE and Zero-Knowledge Proofs into blockchain ecosystems. I'm also working on **cross-chain interoperability** and **scalability solutions** for the next generation of decentralized applications.

## 💬 Let's Connect and Collaborate

I'm always excited to discuss tech, brainstorm ideas, or explore collaboration opportunities. You can reach me here:

- **GitHub**: [ComputerKeeda](https://github.com/ComputerKeeda)
- **Discord**: Join my [Discord community](https://discord.gg/95svWWFZjd) to chat, share ideas, and collaborate on projects.

## 📫 Where to Find Me

- **LinkedIn**: [Shubham Sharma](https://www.linkedin.com/in/0xshubhamsharma/)
- **Email**: [shubham@airchains.io](mailto:shubham@airchains.io)

## 📊 GitHub Stats

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=ComputerKeeda&show_icons=true&theme=algolia" alt="Shubham's GitHub Stats">
</p>

## 🌐 Let's Stay Connected

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/0xshubhamsharma)  
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-%237289DA.svg?logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.gg/0xshubhamsharma)  
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-%231DA1F2.svg?logo=Twitter&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/0xShubhamSharma)

---

✨ **From [Shubham Sharma](https://github.com/ComputerKeeda)** – Wishing you a year full of innovation, growth, and exciting projects in 2025! 🚀

---
